docs(best-practices): all resource attributes (#750)
cloudposse/docs: docs/best-practices/terraform.mdx

![Terraform outputs should be symmetrical](/assets/terraform-outputs-should-be-symmetrical.png)

> ### All attributes of a resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Export all Attributes of a Resource
```

> The AWS provider updates frequently and it's challenging to stay up to date with all of its attributes. While it is still important to have an explicit output for necessary attributes, there is a limbo period where those outputs haven't been added yet to a module. For that reason, exposing all attributes of a resource is possible with this convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's important to explicitly output the most relevant attributes from a resource, there are cases where exposing the entire resource object is beneficial. By outputting the full resource, you provide downstream modules and users with greater flexibility and easier interoperability—especially when composing infrastructure across multiple modules.

This approach also future-proofs your module. As providers evolve and introduce new attributes, consumers can immediately access those attributes without requiring the module to be updated with new outputs.
```
